How does rails communicate with the database?  Please be thorough in discussing all the config files and pieces of rails necessary to communicate with the database.

  Rails uses database.yml to find the database to use for the specific procedure (test, development, etc.).  Rails
  uses migration files in the db/migrate folder to construct the schema of the database.  The models in the
  app/models directory then communicate with the tables in the schema using the ActiveRecord ORM.  Your controllers
  and views then have the ability to communicate with your database through the models through ActiveRecord.

What is a resource?

  A resource is your data in your program.  Each resource has a model and can have its own controller and views
  as well.

What are the standard RESTful routes for a resource?

  1. New
  2. Show
  3. Destroy
  4. Update (post)
  5. Edit
  6. Index
  7. Create (post)

What is CRUD?

  CRUD stands for Create, Read, Update, and Delete.  They are the main functions required to
  manipulate and view data.

What is REST?

  Rest is the way that rails implements CRUD in a high level way.  Through the HTTP verbs, the routes, and 
  the reprsentitive functions in the controllers, Rails operates on your resources in a very efficient way.
  I forget what it stands for.

What is the difference between CRUD and REST?

  CRUD is a very low level way to describe basic data maniulation functionality.  REST is a high
  level way to implement CRUD.

Describe the flow of a request from a users browser through the rails stack and back.

  1. User makes an HTTP request through his/her browser.
  2. Goes to the rails router to see where it should be routed to.
  3. Routes to the correct controller and method.
  4. Controller communicates with models and database.
  5. Database returns necessary data.
  6. Data is handed over to the views, which render HTML.
  7. The HTML is passed back to the client's browser.
  8. The Browser renders the HTML for the client.

What are HTTP verbs?

  GET, POST, PATCH, DELETE.  These are the different actions that can take place in a controller.

Why do we use migrations.
  
  Because they create the schema of our database.  We need to create a structure for our database
  in order for our models to communicate with our data.